---
layout: ../layouts/Layout.astro
title: "About"
---

# About this site

This site was a project I put together because my partner was preparing for her
qualifying exam, dealing with shear wave ultrasound elastography. Sometimes
we'd find topics where we couldn't find the right figure to explain a concept,
so I decided to try to make them.

The figures on the main page illustrating mechanical vibration and the acoustic
radiation force were SVGs I generated so that my partner would have a simple
and consistent way of describing those two concepts in her presentation. She
hadn't found anything in the literature that really met her needs.

The array focusing visualization was because, even though my partner had a
decent figure for this idea, I thought that a movie would be more clear. I'm
glad that she liked the result.

The section on harmonic generation came about because I was curious, having
seen a few different versions of this plot in different papers my partner was
studying, to see how the various parameters affected the plot. My parter
(rightly) pointed out that the frequencies above a few hundred Hertz didn't
matter because of the way shear waves attenuate, but hey, I'm allowed to be
curious, right?

A lot of this code was developed as part of my ongoing efforts to straddle the
line between vibe-coding and professional software development. With projects
like this, I'm trying to push as far as I can into AI code generation, while
still keeping the guardrails in place that allow software maintenance to be
manageable. All these examples (code and SVGs) were originally generated by AI
and then manually edited to get the final results I wanted. I generated
extensive test suites, and have regularly running CI/CD pipelines to ensure
that the code continues to work as expected. All of this was AI-assisted, so
I'm curious to see how the maintenance evolves over time.


## Licensing

All content on this site is licensed under a [Creative Commons Attribution 4.0
International License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/). This
includes text, images, etc.

All code on this site is licensed under the [MIT
License](https://opensource.org/license/mit/). 

The entire contents of this site can be found in the GitHub repository
[dwhswenson/ultrasound](https://github.com/dwhswenson/ultrasound).
